Audit/Revision of Operate/Benchmarks (#265)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/operate/benchmarks.md

```shell
./lotus-bench simple precommit1 --sector-size <size> /your/path/unsealed /your/path/sealed /your/path/cache [piece cid] [piece size]
```

Together with the performance, the command will create a PreCommit1 encoding that you will need if you want to perform the PreCommit 2 benchmark.

```
PreCommit1 3h10m38.942613688s (2.865 MiB/s)
eyJfbG90dXNfU2VhbFJhbmRvbW5lc3MiOi[...]==
```

**PreCommit2:**

To run a single PreCommit 2 you will need to specify the path of the sealed sector, the cache file, and the PreCommit1 encoding from the previous step.

```shell
./lotus-bench simple precommit2 --sector-size <size> /your/path/sealed /your/path/cache [pc1 encoding]
```

Together with the performance, the command will output the `commD` and `commR` that you will need if you want to perform the Commit 1 benchmark.

```
seal: preCommit phase 2: 14m17.347652736s (38.22 MiB/s)
d:baga6ea4seaqdsvqopmj2soyhujb72jza76t4wpq5fzifvm3ctz47iyytkewnubq r:bagboea4b5abcbztu2gpgzz746m537wntioqm5mjnfay5dwsugfqyshv4zljmnwyb
```

**Commit1:**

> To run a single Commit 1 you will need to specify the path of the sealed sector, the cache file, and the `commD` and `commR` output from the PreCommit 2 step. You will also need to specify the path for the json output from the Commit1 step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a single Commit1 you will need to specify the path of the sealed sector, the cache file, and the `commD` and `commR` output from the PreCommit2 step. You will also need to specify the path for the json output from the Commit1 step.
```
This seems to change halfway through the page. Would it be better to keep the format consistent?

```shell
./lotus-bench simple commit1 --sector-size <size> /your/path/sealed /your/path/cache <commD> <commR> /your/path/c1.json
```

> Together with the performance, the command will save a `.json` file in the path you specified. This file is needed to perform the Commit 2 step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Together with the performance, the command will save a `.json` file in the path you specified. This file is needed to perform the Commit2 step.
```

```
Commit1 352.760466ms (90.71 GiB/s)
```

**Commit2:**

> To run a single Commit 2 you only need to specify the `.json` file from the Commit 1 step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a single Commit2 you only need to specify the `.json` file from the Commit1 step.
```

```shell
./lotus-bench simple commit2 /your/path/c1.json
```

Together with the performance, the command will output the final proof for the sector.

```
Commit2 21m45.831527979s (25.09 MiB/s)
proof: 972929647be634d708e071bb0834d28e45[...]==
```

### PoSt tasks

**WindowPoSt:**

> To benchmark a single WindowPoSt you will need to specify the path of the sealed sector, the cache file, and the `commR` output you got in the PreCommit 2 step. Specifying the correct sector number is only needed if you are using an existing sectorbuilder and want to benchmark a real sector. Else you can specify any integer as the sector number, it won´t affect the performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To benchmark a single WindowPoSt you will need to specify the path of the sealed sector, the cache file, and the `commR` output you got in the PreCommit2 step. Specifying the correct sector number is only needed if you are using an existing sectorbuilder and want to benchmark a real sector. Else you can specify any integer as the sector number, it won´t affect the performance.
```

```shell
./lotus-bench simple window-post --sector-size <size> /your/path/sealed /your/path/sealed <commR> [sector num]
```

Together with the performance, the command will output the proof for the WindowPoSt.

```
Vanilla 24.765454ms (20.19 GiB/s)
Proof 1.6556735s (309.2 MiB/s)
tfhJc8rPBfUEe/b1GFOPCD9pd[...]=
```

**WinningPoSt:**

> To benchmark a single WinningPoSt you will need to specify the path of the sealed sector, the cache file, and the `commR` output you got in the PreCommit 2 step. Specifying the correct sector number is only needed if you are using an existing sectorbuilder and want to benchmark a real sector. Else you can specify any integer as the sector number, it won´t affect the performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To benchmark a single WinningPoSt you will need to specify the path of the sealed sector, the cache file, and the `commR` output you got in the PreCommit2 step. Specifying the correct sector number is only needed if you are using an existing sectorbuilder and want to benchmark a real sector. Else you can specify any integer as the sector number, it won´t affect the performance.
```

```
ReplicaUpdate 17.796460491s (28.77 MiB/s)
d:baga6ea4seaqgfbyx6wi2zuff5c5njfhrpzrdbv7rgyulnl7ypashh7z62hercha r:bagboea4b5abcazijqwde3greyittndi6qvg6euem6gmc5qt6l6a3t2dbevijlsaa
```

**ProveReplicaUpdate1:**

To run a single ProveReplicaUpdate1 benchmark you will need to specify the path of the original sealed sector and its cache file, together with the updated sector and its updated cache file. You will also have to specify the original sectors sector-key (The `commR`), and the updated sectors `commR` and `commD`. Lastly, you will need to specify the path for the json output from this benchmark.

```shell
./lotus-bench simple provereplicaupdate1 --sector-size <size> /your/path/sealed /your/path/cache /your/path/updated /your/path/updated-cache <sectorKey> <ReplicaUpdate commR> <ReplicaUpdate commD> /your/path/PRU1.json
```

Together with the performance, the command will save a `.json` file in the path you specified. This file is needed to perform the ProveReplicaUpdate 2 step.

```
ProveReplicaUpdate1 1.480227714s (345.9 MiB/s)
```

**ProveReplicaUpdate2:**

> To run a single ProveReplicaUpdate 2 you need to specify the path for the original sectors sector-key, and the updated sectors `commR`and `commD` together with the `.json` file from the ProveReplicaUpdate 1 step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a single ProveReplicaUpdate2 you need to specify the path for the original sectors sector-key, and the updated sectors `commR`and `commD` together with the `.json` file from the ProveReplicaUpdate 1 step.
```

```shell
./lotus-bench simple provereplicaupdate2 --sector-size <size> <sectorKey> <ReplicaUpdate commR> <ReplicaUpdate commD> /your/path/PRU1.json
```

Together with the performance, the command will output the final proof for the SnapDeal sector.

```
ProveReplicaUpdate2 21m45.831527979s (25.09 MiB/s)
p: ixvQ/W+Npy9Q0xQ2/K7hLjeM0if/yPYi1TY[...]==
```

## GPUs

It is recommended to configure and use the [CUDA architecture for Lotus]({{< relref "../../tutorials/lotus-miner/cuda/" >}}).

### Testing whether the GPU is used

> First, to watch GPU utilization run `nvtop` in one terminal, then in a separate terminal, run the a sealing benchmark to simulate sealing of a sector of small size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, to watch GPU utilization run `nvtop` in one terminal, then in a separate terminal, run a sealing benchmark to simulate sealing of a sector of small size:
```
